[Workers] Point users to the npm package for workers-types instead of the archived repo (#18853)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/runtime-apis/request.mdx

fetch(event.request, { cf: { scrapeShield: false } })
```

> Invalid or incorrectly-named keys in the `cf` object will be silently ignored. Consider using TypeScript and [`@cloudflare/workers-types`](https://github.com/cloudflare/workerd/tree/main/npm/workers-types) to ensure proper use of the `cf` object.

Author: ```suggestion
Invalid or incorrectly-named keys in the `cf` object will be silently ignored. Consider using TypeScript and [`@cloudflare/workers-types`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cloudflare/workers-types) to ensure proper use of the `cf` object.
```
